EODHP-245-investigate-tools-for-running-system-and-smoke-tests (#1)
UKEODHP/system-test-tradeoff: argo-workflows/README.md

# Argo CD Workflows

[Argo Workflow Quick Start](https://argo-workflows.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quick-start/)

## Install

```bash
kubectl create namespace argo
kubectl apply -n argo -f https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/releases/download/v3.5.5/quick-start-minimal.yaml
```

## Argo CLI

### Execute Tests

We can submit workflows via the Argo CLI

```bash
argo submit -n argo --watch tests/hello-world.yaml
```

### View Results

```bash
argo list -n argo
argo get -n argo @latest
argo logs -n argo @latest
```

## Argo UI

```bash
kubectl -n argo port-forward service/argo-server 2746:2746
```

Navigate to https://localhost:2746

Click + Submit New Workflow and then Edit using full workflow options.

## Summary

> Argo Workflows seems like a very strong choice. It was very easy to set up and install and seems very light weight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argo Workflows seems like a very strong choice. It was very easy to set up and install and seems very lightweight.
```
